docs: add content update to release documentation (#13749)
openfoodfacts/openfoodfacts-server: docs/dev/how-to-release.md

## Production environment

> When you do a Product Opener realese, it's also a good time to do contents release.

Reviewer: nit: Typo

```suggestion
When you do a Product Opener release, it's also a good time to do content release.
```
